To face what we are in the end,
We stand before the light
And our true nature is revealed.
Self-revelation is annihilation of self.

Mommy I dun wanna live no more
I dun think I got nothing else to give no more
Its like I lost my passion for life
Its like all my actions are trite
I dun feel like I used to about the world
I dun feel like I used to about my girl
I just want to die mommy cuz its to hard
I just want to lie calmly and refute god

Ever since daddy died its been pain, mommy
Its like there's something wrong with my brain, mommy
You was always there for me so i love you
I'd die for you and I place no one above you
Tell Lenny and the kids they should stay strong
And when I meet my maker that I'm gonna pray for them
And tell P that ill think he'll be a great father
Tell Young that I think he'll be a great author
Tell Planet that his wife and kids gorgeous
And the same goes for Andy and for Marcus
And tell (King) Syze that I have faith in him
And never let the industry snakes get him

(Movie Quote: The Addiction)
The Entire world's a graveyard (the ending of time)
That's all we are. We're the ones (the ending of time)
Who let the dying know (the ending of time)
The hour has come. (the ending of time)

I got a few things more I should say, mommy
I never meant to hurt you in any way, mommy
I never meant to hurt anyone, its gods work
Cuz waking up everyday for me is hard work
And tell June that she was the love of my life
And that I never stopped loving her even in spite
All the things that we went thru together
Thru the highs and lows and bad weather

Let Frank know he always made me smile
Tell him back in the days was crazy wild
Tell Stoupe that i always had his back mom
And we was meant to be together on the track mom

Tell Chique I consider him a brother
When I die the pain will spit into another
That's just how life goes mom, this is painful
I'll come back to you in dreams as an angel
So don't blame yourself for what happened
Cuz you were the best mother that I could fathom
So I'm going into the first place that I can go
I love you, sincerely Vinchenzo...

(Movie Quote: The Addiction)
The Entire world's a graveyard
That's all we are. We're the ones who let the dying know
The hour has come.

(Fading out with)
Mommy just tell everyone I love them
Know what I'm saying?
Tell my man, MaGruff keep holding me down
Know what i mean?
Tell them to stay strong
Tell Des Devious to keep doing his thing mommy
Tell Locke to keep his head up things gonna get better
Know what I'm saying?
Everything's going to be good for everybody
Its just hard
Its just hard for me
I know this may seem like its the easy way out
But its not
The pain hurt

Tell everyone I love them and I always had their back

Ya, Sincerely yours, ViNNie PaZieNZa
One Love